Host: Aitilde Cromwell.  She has soft voice, glowing blue eyes and big round spectacles (Anxious). 
Tailor: Materia of Dokar.  She has piercing green eyes, delicate makeup and a missing tooth (Terrified). 
Mortician: Gardin of Dokar.  He has thin almond hair, glowing blue eyes and freckles (Moody). 
Hatter: Valtarin Erchamfred.  He has enchanting green eyes, a strong, prominent chin and a nose ring (Energetic). 
Host: Liutward of Kothian.  He has a deep, commanding voice, glowing black eyes and a peg leg (Unsatisfied). 
Destiller: Altrude of Dokar.  She has silky brown hair, wild green eyes and gap teeth (Persuasive). 
Fortune teller: Eirlys Steinhard.  He has no hair, tired brown eyes and a nose ring (Unimpressed). 
Leatherworker: Wigher Cadhoiarn.  He has haunted brown eyes, a heavy white beard and a missing tooth (Agitated). 
Glass blower: Elspethria Verderosa.  She has long and braided red hair, crystal blue eyes and a missing tooth (Horny). 
Butcher: Winsy Illuminata.  She has a beauty mark above the lips, sleepy brown eyes and a peg leg (Upset).             Once a season, Winsy will want to go on a big-game hunt in Holloweye Wilderness (hex S21) and will look for someone to protect her throughout the journey.     Unlock this page and click here  for a hook          Inventory  ItemPrice    Small Shell Fish 3 sp    Honey (jar) 2 gp    Rations (1 day) 5 sp    Pickled Fish (jar) 1 gp    Rations (iron, 7 days) 16 gp     
Florist: Benno of Dokar.  He has a thick moustache, glowing dark eyes and a missing tooth (Aghast). 
Carpenter: Walerard of Harad.  He has short brown hair, piercing brown eyes and a neck band (Lost). 
Butcher: Serelo of Headbone.  He has glowing green eyes, a two day stubble and a missing tooth (Satisfied). 
Jeweler: Arinthea of Balaal.  She has haunted dark eyes, long and braided brown hair and a face tattoo (Worthless). 
Hatter: Thorneval Membresia.  He has tired brown eyes, thin greying hair and elegant posture (Horrified). 
Keeper Owned and managed by Huward Frotberga.  He has haunted blue eyes, thin red hair and a golden tooth (Cheerful). 
Population: 465 villagers  Village Shops & Services  Lodge ("The King's Torch Lodge") &#9726; Brothel (Aitilde's Companions) &#9726; Clothing (Materia's Wearables) &#9726; Mortician (Gardin's Crates and Shovels) &#9726; Hatter (Valtarin's Top Hat) &#9726; Brothel (Liutward's Companions) &#9726; Distillery (Altrude's Spirits) &#9726; Fortune Teller (Eirlys's Visions) &#9726; Leatherworker (Wigher's Leathers) &#9726; Glass Blower (Elspethria's Bottlemakers) &#9726; Butchery (Winsy's Steak) &#9726; Flower Shop (Benno's Roses) &#9726; Carpenter (Walerard's Carpentry) &#9726; Butchery (Serelo's Beef & Pork) &#9726; Jeweler (Arinthea's Sparkly Things) &#9726; Hatter (Thorneval's Caps)  Guards     Faberta of Ashamar, a level 4 Human Fighter.  She has a beauty mark above the lips, glowing blue eyes and a peg leg (Pleased). 
Curer: Arberta of Balaal.  She has piercing black eyes, long white hair and lip ring (Irritated).             Unlock this page and click here  for a hook        
Librarian: Dravena of Kothian.  She has short and wild black hair, glowing dark eyes and crooked smile (Satisfied). 
Blacksmith: Feyrindor of Kothian.  He has crystal blue eyes, thin brown hair and an earring (Irritated). 
Herbalist: Volkrada Fletcher.  She has long almond pony-tail, haunted brown eyes and a nose ring (Fearful). 
Physician: Marcellus of Headsmen.  He has patchy beard, wild green eyes and lip ring (Uncomfortable). 
Tailor: Wornhard of Palemoon.  He has a deep, commanding voice, piercing brown eyes and a neck band (Anxious). 
Merchant: Lirael of Ashamar.  He has cold dark eyes, thin blonde hair and a peg leg (Lifeless). 
Merchant: Richmar of Palemoon.  He has cold dark eyes, thin brown hair and lip ring (Overwhelmed). 
Carer: Materia of Devilville.  She has piercing blue eyes, warm voice and elegant posture (Remorseful). 
Merchant: Eirlys Waldegilde.  He has a square jaw, glowing green eyes and a peg leg (Desperate). 
Destiller: Calypso Vladislav.  He has haunted dark eyes, short white hair and a smelly breath (Hopeless). 
Tin worker: Berner Siclebert.  He has thin white hair, haunted dark eyes and stained clothes (Agitated).            Decorated Spear is lost (or so claimed). Secret: This is actually  {this.classList.add('revealed')},1000)" onmouseout="window.clearTimeout(this.spoilerTimeout);this.spoilerTimeout=window.setTimeout(() => {this.classList.remove('revealed')},1000)">a Spear +2  and it is currently somewhere in  {this.classList.add('revealed')},1000)" onmouseout="window.clearTimeout(this.spoilerTimeout);this.spoilerTimeout=window.setTimeout(() => {this.classList.remove('revealed')},1000)">the  Crypt of the Violent Ogre   Finder’s reward is 440 gp             
Typesetter: Aerin Plectrude.  He has deep blue eyes, a long white beard and a missing tooth (Confident). 
Carpenter: Berwin Brighthelm.  He has thin brown hair, cold dark eyes and a double chin (Anxious). 
Fortune teller: Aliva of Dokar.  She has silky blonde hair, tired looking eyes and freckles (Worried). 
Jeweler: Achilde of Ashamar.  She has tired looking eyes, ample hips and elegant posture (Shocked). 
Keeper Owned and managed by Jodocus Ostrobert.  He has thin black hair, sleepy red-looking eyes and a missing tooth (Upset). 
Physician: Morvathar Meurwethen.  He has glowing green eyes, thick bushy eyebrows and a missing tooth (Joyful). 
Clerk: Lautrude Roenhoiarn.  She has delicate features, glowing blue eyes and elegant posture (Nervous).         Lautrude is usually eating her meals in the  "The Peasant's Stone Tavern".      Bothered by an unwanted guest.           
Merchant: Lefward of Dorith.  He has glowing dark eyes, a frowny expression and a double chin (Puzzled).           Was recently helping a mysterious stranger.             Inventory  ItemPrice    Dragonchess set 9 sp    Three-Dragon Ante set 0 gp     
Mortician: Leandra Brightnod.  She has long brown pony-tail, piercing brown eyes and a missing tooth (Paranoid). 
Merchant: Seconda of Headsmen.  She has cold dark eyes, soft gentle features and freckles (Disoriented).       {this.classList.add('revealed')},1000)" onmouseout="window.clearTimeout(this.spoilerTimeout);this.spoilerTimeout=window.setTimeout(() => {this.classList.remove('revealed')},1000)"> Member of the  The Swords Of Justice.            Unlock this page and click here  for a hook          Inventory  ItemPrice    Ink Vial 10 gp    Mining Pick Axe 5 gp     
Curer: Feyrindor of Devilville.  He has haunted dark eyes, short blonde hair and a peg leg (Moody). 
Host: Leudo Bellissimo.  He has piercing brown eyes, thin blonde hair and a double chin (Aghast). 
Tailor: Airard Hildegude.  He has short black hair, cold dark eyes and a deep scar on the cheek (Agitated). 
Stylist: Kaelindra of Harad.  She has soft voice, glowing brown eyes and a limp (Annoyed). 
Keeper Owned and managed by Isadora Vesci.  She has cold dark eyes, warm voice and a missing tooth (Nervous).        Staff    Gerhelma of Harad.  She has delicate features, glowing blue eyes and a limp (Ashamed). 
Carpenter: Calandris Waldegilde.  He has cold dark eyes, a short red beard and crooked smile (Exhausted). 
Merchant: Jarekai of Ashamar.  He has a long brown beard, glowing blue eyes and stained clothes (Desperate). 
Blacksmith: Liebizo Haelhoiarn.  He has a strong, prominent chin, glowing blue eyes and an earring (Lifeless). 
Curer: Reinteus Wydville.  He has a goatee beard, piercing green eyes and a smelly breath (Fearful). 
Merchant: Meinher of Balaal.  He has a scruff, glowing dark eyes and a missing tooth (Sickened). 
Physician: Valakas Jerningham.  He has bulging dark eyes, thin almond hair and a nose ring (Confident). 
Glass blower: Wiggo Stanley.  He has short blonde hair, cold dark eyes and a face tattoo (Sad). 
Clerk: Gilmar of Harad.  He has sleepy brown eyes, thick sideburns and lip ring (Helpless). 
Exotica curator: Rodin of Headsmen.  He has glowing brown eyes, a long red beard and a double chin (Queasy). 
Curer: Litin of Palemoon.  He has tired looking eyes, patchy beard and elegant posture (Cheerful). 
Merchant: Framin of Palemoon.  He has a big round belly, piercing dark eyes and a peg leg (Irritated). 
Keeper Owned and managed by Melibor Sicletrude.  He has glowing black eyes, a square jaw and gap teeth (Unsure). 
Shops & Services   Inn ("The Ghoul & The Crying Bard Inn") &#9726; Carpenter (Calandris's Woodcraft) &#9726; Dark Market (Jarekai's Place) &#9726; Armor & Weapons (Liebizo's Spear) &#9726; Smokehouse (Reinteus's Smoked Goods) &#9726; Indoor Market (Meinher's Fresh Food) &#9726; Physician (Valakas's Clinic) &#9726; Glass Blower (Wiggo's Tubes) &#9726; Registry (Gilmar's Registry) &#9726; Exotic Goods (Rodin's Exotica) &#9726; Smokehouse (Litin's Smoked Meat And More) &#9726; Grocer (Framin's Tomato) Guards     Marwynna Sicletrude, a level 5 Dwarf Fighter.  She has heavy makeup, glowing green eyes and chubby cheeks (Frustrated). 
Merchant: Audrada Meinfrida.  She has warm voice, tired brown eyes and freckles (Irritated). 
Stylist: Reinwar Cadwethen.  He has a thick moustache, wise dark eyes and elegant posture (Livid). 
Merchant: Urisima Alinhilde.  She has deep blue eyes, heavy makeup and a face tattoo (Depressed). 
Merchant: Aethon Gurhoiarn.  He has a thick moustache, piercing blue eyes and a smelly breath (Aghast). 
Merchant: Myrddindra of Ashamar.  She has wild green eyes, soft voice and freckles (Unsatisfied). 
Exotica curator: Tyriantheus of Devilville.  He has thick sideburns, glowing dark eyes and a peg leg (Hopeless). 
Tin worker: Aurius Theodebert.  He has glowing blue eyes, a short black beard and a deep scar on the cheek (Rejected). 
Merchant: Brysia Cromwell.  She has short and braided black hair, piercing black eyes and a golden tooth (Troubled). 
Merchant: Fenicia Cherubina.  She has delicate features, crystal blue eyes and a peg leg (Forceful). 
Merchant: Solara Supplicia.  She has haunted dark eyes, delicate makeup and big round spectacles (Tired). 
Merchant: Gwyneth of Kothian.  She has a beauty mark above the lips, sleepy looking eyes and a smelly breath (Unimpressed). 
Herbalist: Saidra of Dokar.  She has soft voice, glowing black eyes and a deep scar on the cheek (Queasy).            Saidra's Nephew, Wazer, is missing since last week. Secret: Wazer is  {this.classList.add('revealed')},1000)" onmouseout="window.clearTimeout(this.spoilerTimeout);this.spoilerTimeout=window.setTimeout(() => {this.classList.remove('revealed')},1000)">held captive in the  Crypt of the Mourning Goblin )   Recovery reward is an armor of sentimental value (actually a Mariner's Armor).         Looking for someone to deliver a sealed bottle to Faeloria Volswinde in Dokar.  Reward is 600 gp        Twice a season, Saidra will want to forage exotic mushrooms in Grey Mist Snowlands (hex W2S34) and will look for someone to protect her throughout the journey.           Inventory  ItemPrice    Feather from any bird's wing 1 sp    Twig 6 cp    Yew Leaf 1 gp    Ashes of Mistletoe and Spruce 6 sp    Spiderweb 1 cp    Healer's kit 6 gp    Soot 1 cp    Rhubarb Leaf, powdered 1 gp    Oil 1 sp    Soil mixture in a small bag 6 cp    Glowworm 1 gp    Petrified Eye of Newt 19 gp     
Tailor: Eolandra Erchamwald.  She has piercing dark eyes, ample hips and a face tattoo (Helpless). 
Host: Gebin of Headbone.  He has short white hair, piercing brown eyes and a missing tooth (Arrogant). 
Leatherworker: Femianna Christwin.  She has long blonde hair, wise dark eyes and lip ring (Joyful). 
Cobbler: Svator Goldstone.  He has wise dark eyes, a hoarse voice and a smelly breath (Surprised). 
Tanner: Marcellus Aizivella.  He has tired red-looking eyes, a deep, commanding voice and a face tattoo (Ecstatic). 
Tanner: Frodo Reinlinde.  He has tired red-looking eyes, thin white hair and a smelly breath (Irritated). 
Curator: Eirik Theodeberg.  He has glowing dark eyes, a chiseled chin and gap teeth (Relieved). 
Blacksmith: Cygnus of Headbone.  He has bulging dark eyes, a goatee beard and a double chin (Contented). 
Blacksmith: Ryndara Hildegaud.  She has wise brown eyes, soft voice and a neck band (Happy). 
Host: Zephyrine of Dorith.  He has tired looking eyes, thin greying hair and a missing tooth (Angry). 
Bakerer: Thalia Umfraville.  She has soft gentle features, tired red-looking eyes and a face tattoo (Panicky). 
Curer: Susekta Erchamrich.  She has enchanting green eyes, warm voice and freckles (Excited). 
Merchant: Radhilde Concessus.  She has enchanting green eyes, long white pony-tail and a missing tooth (Pained). 
Keeper Owned and managed by Kyrianthia Driwethen.  She has short black hair, piercing green eyes and stained clothes (Confident).        Staff    Calandria of Devilville.  She has crystal blue eyes, heavy makeup and lip ring (Unimpressed). 
Shops & Services   Inn ("Black Torch Inn") &#9726; Liquor (Audrada's Mixtures) &#9726; Salon (Reinwar's Styles) &#9726; Spices (Urisima's Spices) &#9726; Animal Supplies (Aethon's Barn & Yarn) &#9726; Craft (Myrddindra's Crafthouse) &#9726; Exotic Goods (Tyriantheus's Excavations) &#9726; Tin Worker (Aurius's Silverware & More) &#9726; Animal Supplies (Brysia's Barn & Yarn) &#9726; Liquor (Fenicia's Liquor) &#9726; Craft (Solara's Crafts) &#9726; Grocer (Gwyneth's Fresh Food & More) &#9726; Herbalist (Saidra's Weeds) &#9726; Clothing (Eolandra's Fashion) &#9726; Bathhouse (Gebin's Baths) &#9726; Leatherworker (Femianna's Leathers) &#9726; Cobbler (Svator's Shoemakers) &#9726; Tanner (Marcellus's Hides and Leathers) &#9726; Tanner (Frodo's Hides and Leathers) &#9726; Bookstore (Eirik's Pages) &#9726; Blacksmith (Cygnus's Iron) &#9726; Blacksmith (Ryndara's Iron) &#9726; Bathhouse (Zephyrine's Steam & Bath) &#9726; Bakery (Thalia's Loaf) &#9726; Smokehouse (Susekta's Smoked Goods) &#9726; Grocer (Radhilde's Supply) Guards     Gainard Hildeburg, a level 6 Human Fighter.  He has a frowny expression, wise dark eyes and a missing tooth (Disoriented). 
Carer: Valtarius of Dokar.  He has thin black hair, crazy-looking eyes and an earring (Panicky). 
Carer: Vuteria Beauoncle.  She has painted skin decorations, piercing blue eyes and crooked smile (Contented). 
Veterinarian: Actard Bonissima.  He has crystal blue eyes, a strong, prominent chin and a neck band (Disorganized). 
Cobbler: Dedata Acletrude.  She has bulging blue eyes, delicate makeup and a missing tooth (Distressed). 
Merchant: Marozia Theodeberg.  She has long and wavy brown hair, wise brown eyes and a missing tooth (Lifeless). 
Bakerer: Rabota Innocentia.  She has glowing green eyes, soft voice and a smelly breath (Fearful). 
Bank manager: Hedenna Haelwaloe.  She has delicate features, bulging red eyes and a limp (Ashamed). 
Merchant: Minilde Nadalfrid.  She has haunted dark eyes, ample hips and a nose ring (Helpless). 
Keeper Owned and managed by Malger of Palemoon.  He has a big round belly, sleepy looking eyes and a limp (Outraged). 
Jeweler: Liberto of Headsmen.  He has tired brown eyes, thin brown hair and elegant posture (Joyful). 
Tailor: Fakard of Ashamar.  He has sleepy brown eyes, thin almond hair and a face tattoo (Apprehensive). 
Blacksmith: Lodn Herbert.  He has wild green eyes, short almond hair and a deep scar on the cheek (Lazy). 
Tailor: Aginteus of Ashamar.  They have haunted dark eyes, a chiseled chin and a nose ring (Upset). 
Hatter: Gisilde of Kothian.  She has long and wild brown hair, sleepy red-looking eyes and a neck band (Aggressive). 
Brewer: Calliope of Kothian.  He has thin red hair, wild green eyes and a double chin (Worried). 
Herbalist: Lefward Gaudiosus.  He has a strong, prominent chin, glowing brown eyes and a double chin (Nervous). 
Blacksmith: Trystane of Headsmen.  He has deep blue eyes, patchy beard and a neck band (Mellow). 
Cartographer: Icarus of Ashamar.  He has a long smoking pipe in his mouth, haunted blue eyes and big round spectacles (Agitated). 
Scribe: Aldrada Audley.  She has tired red-looking eyes, long white hair and a missing tooth (Ecstatic). 
Musician: Valtair Gundoilde.  He has short almond hair, tired looking eyes and a limp (Upset). 
Exotica curator: Eirwen of Dorith.  She has piercing dark eyes, heavy makeup and big round spectacles (Remorseful). 
Herbalist: Wazer Wistrilde.  He has a heavy blonde beard, tired brown eyes and a double chin (Relieved). 
Exotica curator: Isoard of Devilville.  He has short blonde hair, wild green eyes and elegant posture (Calm). 
Glass blower: Ortwin Swanhilde.  He has deep blue eyes, a heavy blonde beard and elegant posture (Relieved).             Unlock this page and click here  for a hook        
Tin worker: Ellidyr of Kothian.  He has a long smoking pipe in his mouth, crazy-looking eyes and stained clothes (Enraged). 
Tin worker: Erasmus Ermenbalda.  He has bulging red eyes, no hair and big round spectacles (Remorseful). 
Tanner: Hildewin Brightmer.  He has a thick moustache, glowing blue eyes and a smelly breath (Sorrowful). 
Blacksmith: Edmar of Headsmen.  He has tired looking eyes, a chiseled chin and an earring (Distressed). 
Tailor: Agino Theodeberg.  He has glowing brown eyes, short white hair and crooked smile (Scared). 
Curator: Dodeus of Dokar.  He has haunted brown eyes, a big round belly and a missing tooth (Unsure). 
Keeper Owned and managed by Hogar Chaucer.  He has deep blue eyes, a strong, prominent chin and freckles (Terrified). 
Teacher: Lautrude Aldetrude.  She has crystal blue eyes, heavy makeup and a peg leg (Energetic). 
Tinkerer: Henarda of Palemoon.  She has tired red-looking eyes, heavy makeup and a neck band (Apprehensive). 
Curator: Eirlys Nadalinde.  He has tired looking eyes, a scruff and big round spectacles (Shocked). 
Carpenter: Azwin Fraisende.  He has a scruff, bulging red eyes and big round spectacles (Worthless). 
Carer: Maltia Christwin.  She has soft gentle features, piercing black eyes and a neck band (Cheerful). 
Carer: Tyraelle of Headsmen.  She has haunted brown eyes, soft gentle features and an earring (Offended). 
Keeper Owned and managed by Airard of Kothian.  He has patchy beard, wise brown eyes and crooked smile (Worried). 
Jeweler: Electo of Devilville.  He has a long smoking pipe in his mouth, bulging red eyes and a missing tooth (Distressed). 
Sommelier: Guther Erchamrich.  He has a two day stubble, haunted dark eyes and a smelly breath (Ecstatic). 
Bank manager: Resende of Kothian.  She has enchanting green eyes, delicate features and elegant posture (Horny). 
Merchant: Ithilirion Vesci.  He has a hoarse voice, glowing blue eyes and a missing tooth (Offended). 
Bakerer: Aldiva Ermenfred.  She has delicate makeup, enchanting green eyes and a golden tooth (Surprised). 
Scribe: Nyxara Richlinde.  She has piercing blue eyes, soft voice and an earring (Panicky).         Nyxara is usually eating her meals in the  "The Glowing Sword Tavern".      Just received a sealed letter and is trying to find its origin.           
Exotica curator: Susekta Humbelina.  She has painted skin decorations, cold dark eyes and a smelly breath (Horrified). 
Keeper Owned and managed by Gwyneth Ufford.  She has delicate makeup, piercing black eyes and a missing tooth (Guilty). 
Glass blower: Idelinde Gundoilde.  She has a beauty mark above the lips, glowing blue eyes and elegant posture (Desperate). 
Merchant: Sighard of Ashamar.  He has haunted blue eyes, a hairy chest and big round spectacles (Nervous). 
Merchant: Marcher Ufford.  He has wise dark eyes, a heavy red beard and a golden tooth (Worried). 
Leatherworker: Radger of Ashamar.  He has a chiseled chin, piercing blue eyes and a deep scar on the cheek (Sad). 
Herbalist: Isolde Lantberga.  He has a two day stubble, glowing blue eyes and a double chin (Ecstatic). 
Tanner: Loberta of Devilville.  She has heavy makeup, piercing brown eyes and a double chin (Repentant). 
Tin worker: Hachar Roenwallon.  He has short black hair, tired red-looking eyes and a face tattoo (Puzzled). 
Blacksmith: Nirielle Nadalbert.  She has glowing brown eyes, soft voice and a missing tooth (Lost). 
Brewer: Beneta of Devilville.  She has cold dark eyes, short brown hair and a deep scar on the cheek (Embarrassed). 
Tailor: Zareketh of Ashamar.  He has thin brown hair, haunted blue eyes and a missing tooth (Puzzled). 
Tin worker: Adremar of Dokar.  He has short brown hair, glowing blue eyes and big round spectacles (Calm). 
Carpenter: Weltrude Christwina.  She has crystal blue eyes, short white hair and a peg leg (Heartbroken). 
Curator: Mordekai of Palemoon.  He has sleepy brown eyes, no hair and an earring (Energetic). 
Keeper Owned and managed by Marwynnus of Harad.  He has a chiseled chin, enchanting green eyes and a limp (Enraged).        Staff    Rodin of Palemoon.  He has piercing brown eyes, a hoarse voice and a double chin (Confident). 
Shops & Services   Lodge ("The Bleeding Troll Lodge") &#9726; Glass Blower (Idelinde's Glassworks) &#9726; Craft (Sighard's Workshop) &#9726; Craft (Marcher's Handmades) &#9726; Leatherworker (Radger's Leathers) &#9726; Herbalist (Isolde's Mushroom) &#9726; Tanner (Loberta's Leathers) &#9726; Tin Worker (Hachar's Forks & Knives) &#9726; Blacksmith (Nirielle's Fire) &#9726; Brewery (Beneta's Brews) &#9726; Clothing (Zareketh's Fashion) &#9726; Tin Worker (Adremar's Repairs) &#9726; Vehicle Maker (Weltrude's Vehicles) &#9726; Bookstore (Mordekai's Books) Guards     Lefin Vaux, a level 5 Elf Fighter.  He has cold dark eyes, a thick moustache and long, skinny fingers (Disorganized). 
Merchant: Ebbo Opportune.  He has thin black hair, glowing blue eyes and freckles (Forceful). 
Tailor: Gainard Ermenbald.  He has sleepy brown eyes, short brown pony-tail and a nose ring (Horny). 
Merchant: Adrasteia Opportune.  She has bulging dark eyes, soft gentle features and a missing tooth (Lost).           Was recently gambling with a shady adventurer.             Inventory  ItemPrice    Holy Water 8 sp    Fleece 4 cp    10 Candles 8 sp    Tallow 2 sp    Fine Shoes 2 gp    Holy Symbol 8 cp    Whetstone 0 gp    Vial 8 sp    Tinder box (flint & steel) 2 gp    Basket 3 sp    Mining Pick Axe 4 gp    Cloth, Tiny white strip 2 cp    Sack (large) 8 cp    Sack (small) 0 gp     
Carer: Mauricia of Devilville.  She has deep blue eyes, long blonde hair and a deep scar on the cheek (Anxious). 
Bakerer: Goldiva Belladonna.  She has heavy makeup, piercing dark eyes and a face tattoo (Fearful). 
Keeper Owned and managed by Alctrude of Palemoon.  She has wavy white hair, glowing blue eyes and a missing tooth (Frustrated). 
Clerk: Eolande of Ashamar.  He has piercing black eyes, a two day stubble and a peg leg (Moody). 
Merchant: Solanna Grenville.  She has haunted dark eyes, short and braided almond hair and big round spectacles (Offended). 
Curer: Calindria of Dorith.  She has bulging blue eyes, soft voice and an earring (Angry). 
Carer: Eldwyn of Devilville.  He has thick sideburns, tired looking eyes and a peg leg (Shocked). 
Merchant: Baldwar Madalgude.  He has thick sideburns, piercing dark eyes and crooked smile (Rejected). 
Weaver: Homodeus Madalgude.  He has enchanting green eyes, a scruff and big round spectacles (Ecstatic). 
Barber: Minilde Cavendish.  She has delicate features, wise dark eyes and an earring (Scared). 
Merchant: Halidor of Dorith.  He has tired looking eyes, thin blonde hair and elegant posture (Upset). 
Curator: Geldin of Ashamar.  He has piercing blue eyes, short white hair and big round spectacles (Sorrowful). 
Carpenter: Odelhard Siclebalda.  He has patchy beard, bulging blue eyes and a golden tooth (Anxious). 
Blacksmith: Hidger of Ashamar.  He has a two day stubble, piercing blue eyes and a limp (Drained).           Was recently helping a guard.             Inventory  ItemPrice    Silver and Iron, powdered mixture 6 gp    Iron Blade 3 gp    Half Plate Armor 945 gp    Ring Mail Armor 38 gp    Breastplate Armor 504 gp    Blowgun Needles (50) 1 gp    Arrows (20) 1 gp    Handaxe 6 gp    Sand 6 cp    Sling Bullets (20) 5 sp     
Veterinarian: Calandria of Headbone.  She has enchanting green eyes, full lips and a nose ring (Uncomfortable). 
Keeper Owned and managed by Lirien of Dorith.  He has thin black hair, bulging blue eyes and elegant posture (Sickened). 
Shops & Services   Tavern ("The Flaming Staff Tavern") &#9726; Post Office (Eolande's Post Station) &#9726; Dark Market (Solanna's Knick & Knacks) &#9726; Smokehouse (Calindria's Smoked Fish And More) &#9726; Animal Pound (Eldwyn's ) &#9726; Trade Post (Baldwar's Marketplace) &#9726; Weaver (Homodeus's Fabrics) &#9726; Barber (Minilde's Scissors) &#9726; Liquor (Halidor's Liquor) &#9726; Bookstore (Geldin's Scrolls) &#9726; Carpenter (Odelhard's Woodcraft) &#9726; Blacksmith (Hidger's Fire) &#9726; Veterinarian (Calandria's Pet Hospital) Guards     Rosin of Devilville, a level 3 Half-Elf Fighter.  He has a square jaw, deep blue eyes and big round spectacles (Angry). 
Merchant: Azier Theodeman.  He has short blonde hair, glowing dark eyes and a double chin (Lost). 
Merchant: Dravena Berohilde.  She has long and wild red hair, sleepy red-looking eyes and a deep scar on the cheek (Hopeless). 
Cobbler: Galadrielle Theodefrid.  She has piercing dark eyes, painted skin decorations and a peg leg (Scared). 
Tinkerer: Aqualina of Headbone.  She has tired looking eyes, soft voice and a double chin (Fearful). 
Merchant: Gaucia of Harad.  She has a beauty mark above the lips, haunted dark eyes and a face tattoo (Nervous). 
Host: Aldrada Ermenberta.  She has short and curly white hair, enchanting green eyes and big round spectacles (Upset). 
Keeper Owned and managed by Baldemar of Kothian.  He has crystal blue eyes, thin red hair and crooked smile (Calm). 
Shops & Services   Tavern ("Glowing Staff Tavern") &#9726; Indoor Market (Azier's Fresh Food) &#9726; Grocer (Dravena's Fresh Food & More) &#9726; Cobbler (Galadrielle's Shoes) &#9726; Tinkerer (Aqualina's Devices) &#9726; Indoor Market (Gaucia's Market) &#9726; Bathhouse (Aldrada's Steam & Bath) Guards     Dorith Domhnaigh, a level 4 Human Fighter.  He has wise dark eyes, a long smoking pipe in his mouth and gap teeth (Happy). 
Tinkerer: Ashenon Nadalinde.  He has sleepy red-looking eyes, a hoarse voice and elegant posture (Lifeless). 
Sommelier: Aureliana of Balaal.  She has crystal blue eyes, delicate makeup and a nose ring (Petrified). 
Destiller: Lucien Aldegarde.  He has crazy-looking eyes, no hair and a neck band (Annoyed). 
Merchant: Freyrith of Devilville.  He has short brown hair, wild green eyes and crooked smile (Hopeless). 
Merchant: Tyraelle of Balaal.  She has glowing brown eyes, painted skin decorations and crooked smile (Outraged). 
Carpenter: Wigmar of Headsmen.  He has bulging dark eyes, a two day stubble and a nose ring (Persuasive). 
Carpenter: Rodin Erchamrad.  He has haunted dark eyes, short black hair and elegant posture (Satisfied). 
Tinkerer: Aureliana Frideswide.  She has piercing dark eyes, delicate makeup and a deep scar on the cheek (Proud). 
Clerk: Hidger Heilsinde.  He has piercing black eyes, a hoarse voice and a nose ring (Pleased). 
Merchant: Queniva Odelhilde.  She has bulging blue eyes, soft gentle features and an earring (Hopeless). 
Carer: Nyxara of Ashamar.  She has warm voice, tired red-looking eyes and a golden tooth (Disoriented). 
Merchant: Tyraelle of Headbone.  She has piercing black eyes, ample hips and elegant posture (Delighted).           Just received a covered jar and is terrified of what's inside it.             Inventory  ItemPrice    Torches (6) 1 gp    Knotted String 1 cp    Pick, miner's 3 gp    Tinker's tools 63 gp    Oil 1 sp    Warm Gloves 1 gp    Holy Water 1 gp    Backpack 3 gp    Leather Gloves 9 sp    Holy Symbol 1 sp    Lantern 13 gp    Bucket 6 cp    Brimstone 1 sp     
Blacksmith: Marozia of Dorith.  She has full lips, glowing dark eyes and crooked smile (Lazy). 
Musician: Aurius Aldetrude.  He has thick bushy eyebrows, crystal blue eyes and freckles (Petrified). 
Keeper Owned and managed by Leudo Pentecoste.  He has haunted brown eyes, short red hair and lip ring (Disoriented). 
Witch: Gerbalda of Balaal.  She has glowing blue eyes, delicate makeup and a peg leg (Delighted).             Unlock this page and click here  for a hook        
Musician: Valyndria of Ashamar.  She has long and braided blonde hair, piercing black eyes and a deep scar on the cheek (Unsure). 
Blacksmith: Halidor Berohilde.  He has cold dark eyes, short black hair and elegant posture (Timid). 
Blacksmith: Aqualina of Dokar.  She has enchanting green eyes, delicate features and an earring (Offended).         Aqualina enjoys dining with her friends in the  "The Flaming Torch Lodge".        Unlock this page and click here  for a hook          Inventory  ItemPrice    Silver Mirror, small 5 gp    Blowgun Needles (50) 1 gp    Crossbow Bolts (20) 1 gp    Leather Armor 11 gp    Mercury 5 gp    Iron Blade 2 gp    Arrows (20) 1 gp    Padded Armor 5 gp    Battleaxe 11 gp    Sulfur 1 sp     
Merchant: Achard Liuthilde.  He has deep blue eyes, patchy beard and a missing tooth (Bothered). 
Florist: Ander of Dorith.  He has a scruff, wise dark eyes and a missing tooth (Hurt). 
Tin worker: Muscatta of Headsmen.  She has a beauty mark above the lips, wise dark eyes and freckles (Satisfied). 
Merchant: Gailhard of Dorith.  He has a deep, commanding voice, deep blue eyes and elegant posture (Tired). 
Tailor: Pribor of Palemoon.  He has cold dark eyes, a chiseled chin and stained clothes (Remorseful). 
Fishmonger: Femianna Reintrude.  She has short and braided blonde hair, bulging blue eyes and crooked smile (Unimpressed). 
Veterinarian: Aicard of Ashamar.  He has piercing dark eyes, short white hair and gap teeth (Determined). 
Merchant: Edmar of Headsmen.  He has a strong, prominent chin, deep blue eyes and a missing tooth (Upset). 
Tailor: Electa of Dokar.  She has glowing blue eyes, soft gentle features and a missing tooth (Aghast). 
Herbalist: Vitta of Headbone.  She has short and well-brushed blonde hair, tired brown eyes and a neck band (Sorrowful). 
Merchant: Bontempo Sumarlidi.  He has sleepy brown eyes, a heavy brown beard and a double chin (Uncomfortable). 
Keeper Owned and managed by Sadrahar Howard.  He has deep blue eyes, a heavy blonde beard and a missing tooth (Embarrassed). 
Population: 405 villagers  Village Shops & Services  Lodge ("The Flaming Torch Lodge") &#9726; Witch (Gerbalda's ) &#9726; Music (Valyndria's Harp & Lute) &#9726; Blacksmith (Halidor's Iron) &#9726; Blacksmith (Aqualina's Anvil) &#9726; Spices (Achard's Salt & Pepper) &#9726; Flower Shop (Ander's Tulips) &#9726; Tin Worker (Muscatta's Bronze & Copper) &#9726; General Goods (Gailhard's Goods) &#9726; Tailor (Pribor's Fashion) &#9726; Fish Market (Femianna's Fresh Fish) &#9726; Veterinarian (Aicard's Sheep Whisperer) &#9726; General Goods (Edmar's Supply) &#9726; Clothing (Electa's Wearables) &#9726; Herbalist (Vitta's Greens) &#9726; Spices (Bontempo's Salt & Pepper)  Guards     Herard Ostrobert, a level 6 Halfling Fighter.  He has a hairy chest, glowing brown eyes and a vibrant coat (Unsatisfied). 
Weaver: Baltrude of Kothian.  She has painted skin decorations, glowing blue eyes and big round spectacles (Moody). 
Host: Faeloria Odelgilde.  She has piercing blue eyes, delicate makeup and a missing tooth (Outraged). 
Glass blower: Electo of Balaal.  He has a heavy almond beard, bulging red eyes and a double chin (Tired). 
Merchant: Trystane of Balaal.  He has a heavy red beard, piercing green eyes and a peg leg (Aggressive). 
Merchant: Kaelia Umfraville.  She has crazy-looking eyes, wavy almond hair and a missing tooth (Disoriented). 
Matchmaker: Tyraelle of Devilville.  She has deep blue eyes, soft gentle features and a neck band (Nervous). 
Tinkerer: Agino of Kothian.  He has piercing green eyes, a strong, prominent chin and a missing tooth (Rejected). 
Clerk: Solara Bellaflor.  She has soft voice, wise dark eyes and a double chin (Scared). 
Merchant: Gwyneth of Headbone.  She has enchanting green eyes, full lips and big round spectacles (Sickened). 
Hatter: Gauzo of Balaal.  He has tiny eyes, a long smoking pipe in his mouth and freckles (Energetic).             Unlock this page and click here  for a hook          Inventory  ItemPrice    Fur Hat 1 gp    Veil 1 gp    Leather Hat 10 sp     
Warden: Elsaria Erchamwald.  She has tiny eyes, long blonde pony-tail and crooked smile (Paranoid). 
Fishmonger: Faelivrin of Dokar.  He has haunted blue eyes, short black hair and a deep scar on the cheek (Worthless). 
Cobbler: Winsy Bowyer.  She has glowing dark eyes, soft voice and crooked smile (Happy). 
Barber: Thalassarionus of Dorith.  He has a short white beard, glowing dark eyes and freckles (Uncomfortable).            Thalassarionus's Nephew, Wigher, is missing since two weeks ago. Secret: Wigher is  {this.classList.add('revealed')},1000)" onmouseout="window.clearTimeout(this.spoilerTimeout);this.spoilerTimeout=window.setTimeout(() => {this.classList.remove('revealed')},1000)">held captive in the  Tomb of the Cursed Pits )   Recovery reward is  a Treasure Map leading to  {this.classList.add('revealed')},1000)" onmouseout="window.clearTimeout(this.spoilerTimeout);this.spoilerTimeout=window.setTimeout(() => {this.classList.remove('revealed')},1000)"> area 33  in the  Tomb of the Cursed Pits.                
Merchant: Atilia of Headsmen.  She has glowing dark eyes, delicate features and a missing tooth (Sorrowful). 
Veterinarian: Volkward Theodebrand.  He has piercing green eyes, a hairy chest and a face tattoo (Disorganized). 
Destiller: Arberta of Devilville.  She has piercing black eyes, full lips and lip ring (Excited). 
Matchmaker: Tyraelle of Headsmen.  She has long white pony-tail, sleepy looking eyes and crooked smile (Relieved). 
Typesetter: Gainard of Balaal.  He has wise brown eyes, a long smoking pipe in his mouth and lip ring (Helpless). 
Matchmaker: Odelrada of Dorith.  She has cold dark eyes, long and well-brushed brown hair and lip ring (Moody). 
Carpenter: Littera of Dokar.  She has piercing dark eyes, long almond pony-tail and crooked smile (Proud). 
Physician: Macia of Ashamar.  She has full lips, glowing brown eyes and a double chin (Forceful). 
Merchant: Gatrude of Headsmen.  She has ample breasts, piercing blue eyes and a double chin (Worried). 
Herbalist: Henarda Fuller.  She has long white pony-tail, deep blue eyes and stained clothes (Exhausted). 
Carpenter: Lootgar of Dorith.  He has crazy-looking eyes, short brown hair and a missing tooth (Moody). 
Destiller: Haimo of Harad.  He has crazy-looking eyes, a short almond beard and a neck band (Annoyed). 
Herbalist: Gersinde Paston.  She has short white pony-tail, wise brown eyes and an earring (Hopeless). 
Mortician: Galianna of Palemoon.  She has short black hair, glowing blue eyes and a nose ring (Pained). 
Typesetter: Aclinde Wright.  She has short black hair, sleepy looking eyes and freckles (Moody). 
Merchant: Eirwen of Dorith.  She has glowing brown eyes, heavy makeup and a missing tooth (Contented). 
Merchant: Justinna of Dokar.  She has piercing brown eyes, short and wavy white hair and a peg leg (Aghast). 
Clerk: Aclehard of Harad.  They have cold dark eyes, a square jaw and a deep scar on the cheek (Overwhelmed). 
Keeper Owned and managed by Calypso of Palemoon.  He has glowing brown eyes, a square jaw and gap teeth (Guilty). 
Population: 7680 townsfolk    The castle  The castle is the formal residence of bishop Galicius of Vo'il.  Town Shops & Services  Lodge ("The Flaming Sword Lodge") &#9726; Weaver (Baltrude's Fabrics) &#9726; Bunkhouse (Faeloria's ) &#9726; Glass Blower (Electo's Tubes) &#9726; Spices (Trystane's Salt & Pepper) &#9726; Trade Post (Kaelia's Buying and Selling) &#9726; Matchmaker (Tyraelle's House of Roses) &#9726; Tinkerer (Agino's Fix-it-All) &#9726; Registry (Solara's Records) &#9726; Grocer (Gwyneth's Tomato) &#9726; Hatter (Gauzo's Top Hat) &#9726; Prison (Elsaria's ) &#9726; Fish Market (Faelivrin's Daily Catch) &#9726; Cobbler (Winsy's Shoes) &#9726; Barber (Thalassarionus's Razor) &#9726; Game Shop (Atilia's Pawns and Dice) &#9726; Veterinarian (Volkward's Horse Healers) &#9726; Distillery (Arberta's Laboratory) &#9726; Matchmaker (Tyraelle's House of Roses) &#9726; Printing Press (Gainard's Prints) &#9726; Matchmaker (Odelrada's House of Hearts) &#9726; Carpenter (Littera's Carpentry) &#9726; Physician (Macia's Clinic) &#9726; Liquor (Gatrude's Liquor) &#9726; Herbalist (Henarda's Greens) &#9726; Vehicle Maker (Lootgar's Wheels) &#9726; Distillery (Haimo's Mixtures) &#9726; Herbalist (Gersinde's Weeds) &#9726; Mortician (Galianna's Eternal Sleep) &#9726; Printing Press (Aclinde's Print Shop) &#9726; Craft (Eirwen's Workshop) &#9726; Trade Post (Justinna's Buying and Selling) &#9726; Post Office (Aclehard's Deliveries)  Guards     Eirwen Bellacara, a level 6 Halfling Fighter.  She has delicate makeup, piercing green eyes and oversized suspenders (Fearful). 
Tanner: Materia of Dorith.  She has haunted dark eyes, soft gentle features and a smelly breath (Offended). 
Hatter: Grimhar of Dorith.  He has piercing blue eyes, thin red hair and a missing tooth (Hurt). 
Veterinarian: Serveta of Kothian.  She has haunted dark eyes, full lips and big round spectacles (Satisfied). 
Bakerer: Guerro of Devilville.  He has a strong, prominent chin, haunted blue eyes and crooked smile (Panicky). 
Merchant: Norwin Webber.  He has piercing blue eyes, thick sideburns and stained clothes (Confident). 
Merchant: Tyriantheus of Balaal.  He has sleepy brown eyes, thin blonde hair and a face tattoo (Delighted). 
Tin worker: Lucida of Palemoon.  She has short and curly almond hair, bulging blue eyes and a neck band (Tired). 
Merchant: Alamanda of Dokar.  She has flowing white hair, enchanting green eyes and stained clothes (Shocked). 
Merchant: Morbida of Headbone.  She has glowing brown eyes, long black pony-tail and an earring (Guilty). 
Carer: Theodin Christred.  He has enchanting green eyes, a heavy almond beard and lip ring (Lost). 
Stylist: Eirik Erchamger.  He has thin blonde hair, crazy-looking eyes and a double chin (Cheerful). 
Physician: Waltard Natalisma.  He has a long almond beard, sleepy looking eyes and a peg leg (Desperate). 
Cobbler: Rotharde of Dokar.  She has long blonde pony-tail, wise dark eyes and a neck band (Paranoid). 
Curator: Arathis of Ashamar.  He has glowing black eyes, short almond hair and freckles (Energetic). 
Tanner: Electo of Headbone.  He has short blonde hair, piercing dark eyes and a double chin (Outraged). 
Keeper Owned and managed by Gerin of Kothian.  He has piercing black eyes, a goatee beard and a smelly breath (Satisfied). 
Tinkerer: Rothward Altabella.  He has cold dark eyes, a long white beard and a face tattoo (Outraged). 
Blacksmith: Hartwin of Harad.  He has thin white hair, piercing dark eyes and a limp (Hurt). 
Clerk: Berengar of Ashamar.  He has wild green eyes, thin almond hair and elegant posture (Agitated). 
Merchant: Grimhar Calomaria.  He has a frowny expression, sleepy red-looking eyes and a nose ring (Bothered). 
Merchant: Elenia of Headbone.  They have tiny eyes, thick sideburns and a golden tooth (Worried). 
Leatherworker: Niriella of Kothian.  She has soft gentle features, glowing brown eyes and a missing tooth (Alone). 
Merchant: Rosin of Dokar.  He has a frowny expression, bulging red eyes and a missing tooth (Helpless). 
Curator: Agia Frodegard.  She has delicate makeup, glowing dark eyes and a face tattoo (Repentant). 
Merchant: Isoard of Kothian.  He has piercing green eyes, short almond hair and a deep scar on the cheek (Annoyed). 
Curator: Reinwar Samanilde.  He has glowing green eyes, a frowny expression and big round spectacles (Mellow). 
Matchmaker: Fenicia of Devilville.  She has heavy makeup, glowing green eyes and a face tattoo (Alone). 
Curer: Theodora Nadalberga.  She has wavy black hair, tired brown eyes and big round spectacles (Timid). 
Carpenter: Aqualina of Dorith.  She has cold dark eyes, ample hips and a smelly breath (Forceful).             Unlock this page and click here  for a hook        
Keeper Owned and managed by Marwynn Madalgarde.  He has piercing dark eyes, short white hair and big round spectacles (Fearful). 
Blacksmith: Galicius Placentius.  He has piercing brown eyes, short brown hair and crooked smile (Horrified). 
Host: Gailhard of Headsmen.  He has thin blonde hair, wise brown eyes and a smelly breath (Satisfied). 
Destiller: Hamard of Devilville.  He has thick bushy eyebrows, tired looking eyes and big round spectacles (Disoriented). 
Hatter: Ingberta Ermenhard.  She has soft voice, bulging dark eyes and a missing tooth (Guilty).         Ingberta is frequenting the  "The Lost Torch Inn"  on her time off.        Unlock this page and click here  for a hook          Inventory  ItemPrice    Veil 10 sp    Leather Hat 9 sp    Cap 5 sp     
Clerk: Ylara Senthilde.  She has wild green eyes, short brown hair and a neck band (Fearful). 
Keeper Owned and managed by Berengar Sulhoiarn.  He has bulging red eyes, a goatee beard and elegant posture (Ashamed). 
